Update quick start to the guide (include new chapters) (#182)
r-devel/rdevguide: chapters/introduction.qmd

The guide is intended as a comprehensive resource for contributing to base R. The following chapter outline provides an overview with links to sections for getting started with contributing.

> - The [Introduction](#Introduction) chapter provides an overview of different ways of contributing to the base R project, a quick start to the guide, and a section on how to contribute to the guide itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [Introduction](#Introduction) chapter provides an overview of different ways of contributing to the R project, a quick start to the guide, and a section on how to contribute to the guide itself.
```

> - The [R Patched and Development Versions](##GetStart) chapter covers instructions on how to install R from source or from binaries and also discusses the tools required to build R and R 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [R Patched and Development Versions](##GetStart) chapter covers instructions on how to install R from source or from binaries and also discusses the tools required to build R. 
```

> - The [Issue Tracking](#IssueTrack) chapter mentions how contributors can support issue tracking in R, how get a Bugzilla account, how to navigate Bugzilla and search for bugs to contribute to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [Issue Tracking](#IssueTrack) chapter covers how contributors can support issue tracking in R, how to get an account on R's Bugzilla, how to navigate Bugzilla and search for bugs to contribute to.
```

- The [Reporting Bugs](#ReportingBugs) chapter discusses what condition may or may not be a bug and how to report bugs if you find them.

> - The [Submitting Feature Requests](#FeatureRequests) chapter discusses how to submit feature requests and shares some examples of feature requests submitted ob Bugzilla.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [Submitting Feature Requests](#FeatureRequests) chapter discusses how to submit feature requests and shares some examples submitted to Bugzilla.
```

- The [Reviewing Bugs](#ReviewBugs) chapter discusses how you can make a contribution to reviewing bug reports.

- The [Finding the Source](#FindSource) chapter provides an overview of the R codebase and helps with finding source code of base functions written in R and/or C.

- The [Lifecycle of a Patch](#FixBug) chapter discusses how to create a patch to propose a bug fix.

> - The [Documenting](#Doc) chapter describes the format and style guide for help files in R, how to report and review issues in the existing documentation and how to propose changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [Documenting](#Doc) chapter describes the format and style guide for help files in R, how to report and review issues in the existing documentation, and how to propose changes.
```

- The [Message Translations](#MessageTranslations) chapter covers internationalization in R, i.e., the display of messages in languages other than English.

> - The [Testing Pre-release R Versions](#TestRVer) discusses how you can help with testing of pre-release versions of R.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [Testing Pre-release R Versions](#TestRVer) chapter discusses how you can help with testing of pre-release versions of R.
```

> - For more information on how to engage with to community and ask for help, refer to the [Where to Get Help](#WhereToGetHelp) chapter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For more information on how to engage with the community and ask for help, refer to the [Where to Get Help](#WhereToGetHelp) chapter.
```

> - To keep up with the developments in R refer to some of the resources available in the [News and Announcements](#News)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To keep up with the developments in R refer to the resources available in the [News and Announcements](#News) chapter.
```

> - Resources and tools that may be relevant for R developers are available in the [Developer Tools](#DevTools) chapter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tools that may be useful for R developers are available in the [Developer Tools](#DevTools) chapter.
```

- Additional resources for contributing to R are available in the [Additional Resources](#AdditionalResources) chapter.

> - The [R Core Developers](#CoreDev) chapter contains a list of the former and current members of the R Core team who have write access to the R source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [R Core Developers](#CoreDev) chapter contains a list of the former and current members of the R Core Team who have write access to the R source.
```
